tornatore sagan who is joining us
with the big smile ah yes it's
important
it's important the most combative the most
white built then petter still second
what is it always always
always second curtain the sonos my
friends all crazy brings together friends and
nobody lets me go
and it's very hard to win on your own and
every year from the other courts for
win the others for both coaches
face I can not be killed is the
contract must be today peter
that's the problem you scare them
yes in the descent I went very
quick
incredible the incredible descent the
position the position you have that
it's working what's it
comes from skiing that comes from where no no that
I had me a position more
ergonomic bike we go faster on
nature to acquire greece have
done but in this position and then we
goes down just tinkoff comes from
tell us your boss that you were
probably one of the best runners
of the world
it's rather reassuring for the future
for the future credit but I have faith
in myself I'm not in the process of
win because everyone thinks I
am the best
in the break everyone close me
the door because they do not want to lose
so it's difficult but I come
to be in front and I want to win is sure
also it is that the public loves you
because the applause that took
just now there are few runners
on the turn who have these applause
and his fans who are there without death of
told that the stop I thank I'm from
my best and I hope I
will get it on the battery